New wd_course

id, institute, when_date, title, desc, lecturer

Lynda

2014/12/06 X
Web Design Fundamentals
New to web design? Start here first. In these tutorials, James Williamson introduces the fundamental concepts, tools, and learning paths for web design. He explains what it means to be a web designer, the various areas of specialization, and whether web design is the right hobby or career for you. Along the way, he talks to five prominent designers and developers, who have each found success in a different corner of the web.
If you want to get up and running fast, check out the chapter on getting online, choosing a domain name and web host, and getting around the backend of a standard website. Need to stock your tool chest? Learn what you'll need to build a brand new site, from web design software and content management systems, to testing and prototyping tools and development frameworks. Finally, James outlines learning paths for where to go next, touching on subjects such as standards and accessibility, responsive design, and the three core web technologies: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
James Williamson

2014/12/11 X
WordPress Developer Tips: DRY Development
DRY development is "don't repeat yourself" development: a smart strategy for reusing code and reducing repetition, wherever possible. This short course shows how to put DRY development techniques into practice in your WordPress sites. Staff author Morten Rand-Hendriksen introduces four techniques for DRY development in WordPress, and shows how they are used in both default themes and custom themes like Simone.
Morten Rand-Hendriksen

2014/12/20 X
Brainstorming Basics
What is brainstorming? Invented in 1948, brainstorming is still the dominant technique when it comes to idea generation. It combines creativity, problem solving, and group discussion. Unfortunately for creator Alex Osborn, most brainstorms fail before they ever begin. Why? Because the organizer doesn't have a clear picture of the purpose, process, or intended outcome. In this course, Stefan Mumaw brings brainstorming into the modern age, with rules and techniques that will help you set up and run more-effective creative brainstorming sessions.
Stefan Mumaw

2014/12/20 X
The Fundamentals of Document Retention and Data Management
Do you know which documents to keep, and how long to keep them? A solid document-retention policy can preserve knowledge, prevent liabilities, and keep you compliant with government regulations. In this course, William R. Joseph will help you get the proper documentation and data-management policies in place at your organization. He introduces the basic concepts behind document retention.
William Joseph

2014/12/20 X
Holding Skip-Level Meetings
A new type of meeting is emerging: skip-level meetings. Skip-level meetings are meetings you hold with employees who work for the managers who report to you—essentially "skipping" a level to learn more about the organization around you. In this short course, author Todd Dewett shows you how to successfully initiate and hold these meetings with employees who work for your direct reports. Discover how to set the tone, ask for candid feedback, and make meaningful connections. At the end of this course, you'll have the skills you need to build bridges across teams, and learn much more about your organization than you could through your direct reports alone.
Todd Dewett

2014/12/20 X
WordPress Quick Tips: Migration and Database Reset
Migrating WordPress databases.
Morten Rand-Hendriksen

2014/12/23 X
WordPress Developer Tips: Managing Users in the Database
Welcome to another installment of WordPress Developer Tips. In this quick course, staff author Morten Rand-Hendriksen shows you how to edit WordPress user accounts directly in the database with phpMyAdmin—bypassing WordPress entirely. This is a useful technique for managing large pools of users and troubleshooting unresponsive accounts. Dive in and learn how to reset passwords, change user names and roles, and remove users from the database altogether.
Morten Rand-Hendriksen

2014/12/23 X
The Five-Step Creative Process
The creative process isn't just "generating ideas." The reality is it's a five-step process, and ideation is only one of those steps. The entire creative process is made up of objective finding, data gathering, problem design, ideation, and selection. Understanding the role of each step enables us to ensure that we generate the most effective solutions. In this course, Stefan Mumaw guides us through the five steps and then shows us what the complete process looks like, with a real-world project: designing a website.
Stefan Mumaw

2014/12/23 X
The Science of Logo Design
Logo design requires artistry, but did you know your logos can also benefit from science? William Lidwell introduces the whys behind well-known guidelines and even debunks a few outdated design myths along the way. He reviews the 4 principles that make a logo ARMM'd for use: attention, response, meaning, and memory. Use these tips to bring scientific rigor to your logos and start designing on evidence, not industry hearsay.
William Lidwell

2014/12/23 X
Improving Your Conflict Competence
Workplace conflict is inevitable. But it doesn't have to end badly. In this course, author and conflict expert Craig Runde helps you manage workplace conflict more effectively. He first explains the dynamics that create conflict, and helps you become aware of what your conflict response is. Once you are aware of how conflict arises, learn some practical steps you can take to manage your emotions and engage with others constructively.
Craig Runde

2014/12/23 X
Pay Strategy Fundamentals
Pay isn't just a cost; it's a contributor to business culture and performance, too. In this course, HR expert Ed Lawler addresses the impact of an organization's pay and rewards strategies on its business goals. Based on his years of research, teaching, and consulting, Ed outlines the effectiveness of using pay to drive particular objectives, such as attracting new talent, encouraging and rewarding behavior, accomplishing a specific goal, and driving performance in a business unit. Last, Ed reveals how to create an overall pay system to match your business strategy.
Edward Lawler III

2014/12/23 X
Creative Insights: Lauren Bacon on Web Design
Lauren Bacon ran a successful web design and development firm for twelve years. Now she is working as a business coach, helping entrepreneurs get their own businesses up and running. In this course, she shares her insights on breaking into the industry: acquiring the right skills, thinking beyond the digital toolset, and specializing in areas that will make your firm in demand. Lauren also answers questions about navigating career transitions, from employee to manager, to freelancer (and maybe even back again), and what the future will look like for new web designers.
Lauren Bacon

2014/12/28
Mapping the Modern Web Design Process
Once you eliminate the trends and terminology, web design is about one thing and one thing only: getting your message across to an online audience. This course offers a 10,000-foot view of the web design process, to help ensure you never lose sight of your users. Morten Rand-Hendriksen takes you on a journey from initial consultation and discovery through content strategy and UX considerations, to development, content creation, design, testing, and launch. By the end, you'll understand the different players and phases and how they fit together in a web design approach focused on meaningful communication and a great user experience.
Morten Rand-Hendriksen

2014/12/28
Collaborative Design: Vision and Strategy
Beneath the surface of great design—where the color palettes, fonts, and graphics live—lies a strong core vision. Creating that vision requires what Lauren Bacon calls "deep collaboration" with your clients. When you can get inside the heads of the people you're designing for, you can do extraordinary work. In this course, Lauren teaches you how to listen, ask better questions, and collaborate more effectively with clients and other stakeholders, in order to develop a project vision and strategy that results in better, more effective designs.
Lauren Bacon

2015/01/01
Foundations of UX: Multidevice Design
If users really like your website or app, they're not logging in from a single device. They're visiting from their desktop at work, their phone on the train, and their tablet at home. Your design also needs to perform elegantly and consistently on all platforms. In this course, Brian Thurston shows how to design complete experiences that take visitors from one device to another, and back again. You'll leave with a solid understanding of the planning it takes to ensure your site is prepared for success, the importance of flexible content creation and preparation, and special considerations involved in designing for touch screens. Brian also takes a look forward at the impact wearable devices and future tech will have on the UX designs of today.
Brian Thurston Bralczyk

2015/01/01
Design Aesthetics for Web Design
A basic understanding of the principles of good design (such as contrast, unity, and balance) is the foundation for creating beautiful websites. In this course, Sue Jenkins explains design aesthetics in simple terms, and shows how to incorporate the principles of design in specific ways that improve your site. Learn how to adjust adjacent colors to add contrast, create depth with texture, incorporate movement, and use repeating shapes, patterns, and borders to unify your design. Then, in the final chapter, learn about special issues designers should address in their web layouts, such as responsive design for mobile devices, accessibility, and originality.
Sue Jenkins

2015/01/02
CSS for Developers
CSS for Developers is designed to give a working knowledge of CSS to web developers and coders who already have a firm grasp of XHTML/HTML and want to harness the power of style sheets to take their web sites to the next level. Instructor Bill Weinman reviews CSS fundamentals, including the benefits and limitations of the language, and then dives straight into creating styles. This course covers how to format text, images, and backgrounds; how to position elements on the page; and how to apply styles, both inline and via an external style sheet. CSS best practices and browser support issues are also addressed. Exercise files accompany the course.
Bill Weinman

2015/01/03
WordPress Developer Tips: Locking Down WordPress
You need to lock WordPress down to keep your site secure and prevent malicious attacks. This installment of Morten Rand-Hendriksen's WordPress Developer Tips covers security best practices, such as backing up your site, limiting admin and server access, and using settings and code snippets to block access to core files. Morten also introduces valuable security plugins and third-party services that will help you limit login attempts, enable two-factor authentication, and divert malicious traffic.
Morten Rand-Hendriksen

2015/01/16
Body Language for Leaders
Research shows that when your verbal and nonverbal signals are out of alignment, people are forced to choose between what they hear and what they see. And subconsciously, they'll believe your body language. In this course, workplace body-language expert Carol Kinsey Goman, PhD, reveals how body language is perceived and often misread, and shares the six nonverbal signals you need to know to make a positive first impression. She also discusses the importance of body language for leaders, and shows how you can establish leadership presence. Lastly, she provides simple and effective tips on communicating with gestures and stance.
Carol Kinsey Goman

2015/01/16
Dealing with a Difficult Boss
Author and professional coach Todd Dewett helps you address the challenge of working with a difficult boss by helping you identify, understand, and manage the triggers that contribute to your problematic relationship. He also outlines actions you can take, such as correctly documenting events, knowing when to speak up, and—sometimes—not taking any action at all.
Todd Dewett

2015/01/17
Overcoming Procrastination
Is procrastination getting in the way of your work? Take 20 minutes now to identify why you do it and set yourself up to overcome procrastination in the future. Author and Kelley School of Business lecturer Brenda Bailey-Hughes shows you how to separate procrastination from other behaviors, identify your stalls, and address your procrastination head on with strategies that will help you get more done.
Brenda Bailey-Hughes

2015/01/17
Improving Your Judgment
Want to make better decisions at work? In this short course, author, innovation expert, and professor Drew Boyd discusses ways to confront our hardwired cognitive biases, in order to make good decisions and exercise more balanced, sound judgment.
Drew Boyd

2015/03/30
Making Business Projections
Estimating future financial performance plays a big part in the life of start-ups and corporations large and small. By looking ahead, companies can proactively manage changes. Start-ups can use projections to build business plans and raise capital. This course is about making those financial projections: not by predicting the future, but by learning from past performance. Rudolph Rosenberg shares the techniques used by financial planning professionals to build robust financial projections using Microsoft Excel. He shows how to combine two approaches—bottom up and top down—into a well-rounded projection that will help you analyze revenue and expenses, anticipate changes, and incorporate company goals in a realistic picture of your company's future.
Rudolph Rosenberg

2015/03/30
Financial Literacy: Reading Financial Reports
A wealth of information is available to you if you know how to read financial documents. Being able to glean information from an income statement, a cash flow statement, or a balance sheet can give you an edge in understanding not only your own business but also your competition. In this course, Rudolph Rosenberg, a finance expert, takes you through the steps of making sense of what is contained in financial reports and how to read them. You'll also learn how they fit together to give you a view of a company's situation.
Rudolph Rosenberg

2015/08/04
Managing Technical Teams
In this course, Bob McGannon outlines the critical elements for successfully managing a technical team. Since you are dealing with highly skilled workers, it is important for you to focus on WHAT needs to be accomplished, rather than HOW to accomplish goals. Other critical skills include knowing your role and what decisions to make, balancing the needs of your stakeholders and customers while allowing for creativity within your team, supporting and rewarding differing creative styles, and much more. This course also includes a model for dividing, tracking, and sharing the accomplishments of your team.
Bob McGannon

2015/08/09
Solving Common Project Problems
When you're balancing the triple constraints of project management (cost/quality/time) and trying to accomplish something new, problems are bound to crop up. In the course, project management trainer Chris Croft shows how to solve the most common problems that arise when working on projects. By breaking these issues into 4 major categories—people problems, quality problems, cost problems, and time problems—he provides helpful advice and techniques for how to handle them.
Chris Croft

2015/08/15
Managing Project Integration
Project integration ensures all processes in a project run smoothly, and results in a properly synchronized series of deliverables such as the project charter, project plan, and preliminary project scope statement. This course will help managers plan the integration needs, communicate with staff and stakeholders, and integrate the project into an organizational portfolio. Along the way, Bob McGannon, PMP, shows how to ensure your scope, risk, and change approaches are in sync; recognize warning signs when integration goes awry; and plan the simultaneous integration of multiple projects and customer deliverables.
Bob McGannon

2015/08/15
Managing Project Stakeholders
Create healthy partnerships with your stakeholders and build a win-win environment for your business. In this course, author and PMP Terri Wagner shows you how to manage stakeholders with savvy communication strategies that increase engagement in the final project. Learn how to analyze stakeholders, map power structures, keep open lines of communication, and use interpersonal skills to connect.
Terri Wagner 

2015/08/15
Working with Upset Customers
More than any other topic, frontline employees ask for advice on how to serve angry and upset customers. This course will reveal proven techniques for effectively neutralizing negative situations. Customer service expert Jeff Toister also shares specific actions employees can take before and after encounters with upset customers that will reduce the likelihood of problems occurring in the future.
Jeff Toister

2015/08/??
PRINCE2 Fundamentals
Learn about the fundamental themes and processes of PRINCE2: PRojects IN Controlled Environments. PRINCE2 is a process-based approach to project management providing an easily tailored and scalable method for the management of all sizes and types of projects. The method is practiced worldwide, but it is the de facto standard for project management in the UK. Here Claudine Peet reviews the seven themes and principles of PRINCE2 and the seven main processes, from initiation to delivery to closure.
Claudine Peet

2015/08/??
Learning to Be Assertive
We all get frustrated when we feel taken advantage of, or alternatively, respond too aggressively when we feel provoked or trapped. Overcome these knee-jerk responses by learning how to be assertive. This course reveals what assertiveness really means, and how it is different from aggression, and outlines specific techniques you can use to respond to challenging situations and difficult people.
Chris Croft

2015/08/20
Managing Project Schedules
Get the upper hand on your project schedules before they begin and see them through to conclusion, on time and on budget. In this course, PMP-credentialed author Bonnie Biafore teaches you how to proactively manage project schedules. This includes a look at the elements that go into a schedule; how to estimate costs and resources; best ways to negotiate and allocate resources; and how to manage a schedule over time.
Bonnie Biafore

2015/08/20
Office Sway: First Look
Create and share interactive reports and presentations on the fly with Sway, the new Microsoft Office app. Oliver Schinkten provides your first look at Sway. Learn what it is, where to access it, and how to start building your own Sways—presentations, tutorials, newsletters, stories, and more—from content you have stored locally or online. Plus, explore how to use Sway's unique interactive format to collaborate on projects and share them with others.
Oliver Schinkten

2015/08/22
Negotiation Fundamentals
Coach, negotiation expert, and author Lisa Gates demonstrates the skills empowered communicators use to achieve mutual benefit at the negotiation table. The course delivers repeatable strategies for negotiating common issues such as asking for a raise, setting fees, promoting teamwork, and bringing out the best in those you manage. Along the way, discover how to use interest-based negotiation, distributive bargaining, diagnostic questioning, and conflict resolution to handle both simple and complex negotiations.
Lisa Gates

2015/08/??
Get the upper hand on your project schedules before they begin and see them through to conclusion, on time and on budget. In this course, PMP-credentialed author Bonnie Biafore teaches you how to proactively manage project schedules. This includes a look at the elements that go into a schedule; how to estimate costs and resources; best ways to negotiate and allocate resources; and how to manage a schedule over time.
JIRA is a popular project- and issue-tracking tool used by development and technical support teams to get more work done, faster. In this course, Sandy Toner introduces the key tasks involved in installing and administering JIRA, including setting up new projects, tracking tasks through the JIRA workflow, and managing users and groups. Plus, learn how to customize workflows with fields and screens, control permissions and JIRA security, and use add-ons to help JIRA better support agile development cycles.
Sandra Toner



===
Plural Sight

Becoming an Outlier: Reprogramming the Developer Mind
As a developer, your image and your mind are your product. So to get what you’ve never had, you must do what you’ve never done with these precious tools. If you want to make a bigger impact, raise your income, and code with purpose, this course will outline the path to get you there. This course is about making a paradigm shift in how you manage your career. We’ll discuss concrete activities and skills that transform average developers into outliers. You’ll learn why developers can't afford cable, ways to improve your “luck surface area”, and techniques to compress your career through accelerated development. You'll learn the foundational skills for becoming an outlier: command your time, hack your image, and own your trajectory. Prepare to think about your development career in a whole new way.
Cory House

Career and Survival Strategies for Software Developers
A software development career poses challenges that we don't often discuss: How do you keep up with rapidly changing technology? When, and how often should you change jobs? How do you evaluate a job offer? How and when should you move from programming into management, or into some other related career? How do you leverage those relatively high salaries into real financial security? Should you work for a large company? A startup? Or found your own company? This course will help you answer those questions and more, whether you are just learning programming or have been developing software for decades.
Dan Appleman

Developing a Killer Personal Brand
In this course you will learn about personal branding and how it applies to you. We will go over personal branding basics and foundations. We will learn about different tools and platforms to create, enhance and share your personal brand. We will talk about how to empower others to talk about you the right way so you can enjoy the power of "word of mouth" marketing. We will dive into examples of how people have used some of these tools and tactics for their own personal brands. This course is designed to give you empowerment as an employee, business owner, and leader, and be in a position to give more to your network and your job.
Jason Alba

Drupal 7: Foundation
This course provides a solid foundation for developing custom content management systems using the Drupal 7 Content Management Framework. Through dozens of thoroughly explained, direct demonstrations, you will learn how to be productive using the core tools and building blocks of a Drupal site: modules, themes, content types, nodes, menus, blocks, URL patterns, views, and more.
Leo Schuman

Fundamentals of Written Proposals
Fundamentals of Written Proposals covers how to create, develop, and eventually write a technical or business proposal. Specific modules cover the role of proposals in professional culture, different types of proposals, common persuasive techniques and strategies, main and secondary sections of an unsolicited proposal, and how to critically read and develop a solicited proposal.
Alan Ackmann

Gathering Good Requirements for Developers
Getting good requirements from the business users is a difficult task, and one for which most developers have never been adequately trained. In this course, you'll learn the key skills, techniques, and tools used to capture requirements. You'll learn to validate that the requirements are correct, how to trace them through design and testing, and how to ensure that the users understand what they're asking for. Along the way you'll see some role playing situations where requirements are gathered out of difficult business users and how to handle any objections.
Robert Bogue

GitHub for Windows Developers
GitHub and the source control system Git are growing in popularity. This course shows developers how to effectively use GitHub, Git, and GitHub for Windows. The course starts with an introduction to Git. From there, we show the GitHub site and how to work with its repositories. As you begin to learn about GitHub for Windows, we will start with some basics, move on to team oriented information, and then cover the social coding aspects of GitHub.
Brendan Enrick

Incident Management
In this course, you will learn about the specific goals and objectives, interfaces, and purpose of the Incident Management process, as well as how it is applied in real life. The course uses a case study approach to illustrate the benefits companies have derived through process maturity. This course also covers the basics of how the PDCA cycle can be used to assist in process improvement.
Lowell Amos

Introduction to the Bash Shell on Mac OS and Linux
The command line is one of the most important tools for a Linux/UNIX power user. Bash is the default login shell on Linux and Mac OS, and adding it to your skillset will open up a whole new world of possibilities. For one thing, it gives you access to a huge number of command line utilities, simplifying many everyday tasks. But Bash also provides you with a powerful scripting language for automating just about anything. For remote access and system administration, Bash is an absolute must.
Reindert-Jan Ekker

ITIL Service Operation
This course is for students who have completed their ITIL Foundations certification and wish to gain deeper insights into the processes, challenges, critical success factors and benefits of Service Operation within the ITIL framework. It is primarily aimed at leaders and practitioners who deliver quality service management practices. Topics include the value of Service Operation to the business, how the areas of Service Operation interface with other processes, and the workflows for event, incident, problem, and access management. The main target group for the ITIL® Expert Qualification: Service Operation Certificate includes, but is not restricted to CIOs, CTOs, managers, supervisory staff, team leaders, designers, architects, planners, IT consultants, IT audit managers, IT security managers and ITSM trainers involved in the ongoing management, coordination and integration of operation activities within the Service Lifecycle. Qualification Level: Intermediate (Lifecycle stream).
Lowell Amos

Mobile First Responsive Web Design
Responsive web design is a recent strategy for building web sites that can respond and adapt to multiple devices and their respective resolutions. Mobile first is the concept of creating the design for your mobile web site first, and then building out that design for larger resolutions. This course covers the concepts that developers need to know to be able to work in this new way of designing web sites.
Jon Flanders

Pitching Your Idea Effectively
An introduction to the three types of pitches that you can make to an investor or in other business environments. Properly structuring your pitch will help with delivery and be more persuasive.
Stephen Forte

PMP - Organizational Influences & Project Management Lifecycle
Building on the foundation set in Introduction to Project Management and the PMP® Exam, this course will focus on the topics discussed in Chapters 2 and 3 of the Project Management Body of Knowledge, more commonly referred to as the "PMBOK® Guide." The course explores how organizational cultures, styles, communication preferences, and structure factor into project management. It defines the role of project stakeholders and the composition of successful project teams, and describes the phases and characteristics of the project life cycle. Continuing on, the course outlines the five process groups in project management: initiating, planning, executing, monitoring/controlling, and closing. Finally, it lays the groundwork for future courses focused on the knowledge areas encountered in each phase of project management.
Casey Ayers

PMP – Introduction to Project Management & the PMP Exam
This course serves as an introduction to project management and the PMP® certification exam. The course discusses the PMP® certification – what it is, how one may qualify to earn it, and the certification's benefits – as well as the qualification and application process and how to minimize the financial burden of attaining the certification. Additionally, foundational concepts of project management are explored, including the introduction of the PMBOK Guide, the precise definitions and interconnections of project, program, and portfolio management, and the role and value of project managers within organizations.
Casey Ayers

SOLID Principles of Object Oriented Design
The SOLID principles are fundamental to designing effective, maintainable, object-oriented systems. Whether you've only just begun writing software or have been doing so for years, these principles, when used appropriately, can improve the encapsulation and coupling of your application, making it more malleable and testable in the face of changing requirements.
Steve Smith

PMP - Organizational Influences & Project Management Lifecycle
Building on the foundation set in Introduction to Project Management and the PMP® Exam, this course will focus on the topics discussed in Chapters 2 and 3 of the Project Management Body of Knowledge, more commonly referred to as the "PMBOK® Guide." The course explores how organizational cultures, styles, communication preferences, and structure factor into project management. It defines the role of project stakeholders and the composition of successful project teams, and describes the phases and characteristics of the project life cycle. Continuing on, the course outlines the five process groups in project management: initiating, planning, executing, monitoring/controlling, and closing. Finally, it lays the groundwork for future courses focused on the knowledge areas encountered in each phase of project management.
Casey Ayers

2015/08/08
Agile Fundamentals
In Agile Fundamentals, we explore how working on an Agile project has benefits for your development team, your end users, and your organization as a whole. This course starts by exploring the more traditional waterfall process, and then covers why running an Agile team is a good idea. This course is ideal for software developers, project managers, software leadership, or anyone that would have an interest and gain benefit from running an Agile project and delivering maximum value early to your customers.
Stephen Haunts

2015/08/09
Agile in the Real World
Agile practices often sound great on paper, but quickly lose their luster once you try to apply them in the real world. This course will show you how to take the best of Agile methodologies and apply them to your own team in a way that actually makes sense. Rather than focus on the theory of how agile works in a vacuum, the techniques taught in this course are based on the most common places where agile breaks down in reality and the concrete strategies to fix them.
Jeremy Jarrell

2015/08/??
Big Scrum
Grounded in pragmatism and eschewing dogmatism, this course draws on the experiences of the author successfully applying and participating in Scrum in large organizations. This course specifically focuses on growing Scrum without changing what Scrum is or how it works. David examines the roles, artifacts, and events of Scrum and the specific challenges they face when scaled beyond a single team integrating into a single product.
David Starr


Coursera

2015/??/??
Project Management: The Basics for Success
This course combines the essential elements of Project Management and Team Leadership into one course. Through class engagement and reflection, you will acquire further understanding of the responsibilities of leadership and become better prepared to apply this knowledge to the project environment
Rob Stone

2015/??/??
Fundamentals of Project Planning and Management
Projects are all around us. Virtually every organization runs projects, either formally or informally. We are engaged in projects at home and at work. Across settings, planning principles and execution methodologies can offer ways in which projects can be run more effectively and efficiently. Project management provides organizations (and individuals) with the language and the frameworks for scoping projects, sequencing activities, utilizing resources, and minimizing risks. In this course, you will acquire such skills. Fundamentals of Project Planning and Management will introduce basic concepts from project planning, critical path method, network analysis, and simulation for project risk analysis. You will gain an appreciation for what is required in planning and executing large-scale projects and gain an understanding of Agile Project Management principles. Together, we will develop an awareness of some behavioral biases that come to play in project settings and identify how these impact the planning and execution of a project.
Yael Grushka-Cockayne


Udemy

